1
INDITEX
CONSOLIDATED RESULTS 2024
CONFERENCE CALL SCRIPT
12 MARCH 2025
2
INDITEX PARTICIPANTS
Óscar García Maceiras - CEO
Ignacio Fernández - CFO
Gorka Garcia-Tapia – Director of Investor Relations
C o n f e r e n c e C a l l P a r t i c i p a n t s
Richard Chamberlain - RBC - Analyst
Redburn – Geoff Lowery
Georgina Johanan - JP Morgan - Analyst
Sreedhar Mahamkali – UBS – Analyst
William Woods – Bernstein – Analyst
Warwick Okines - Exane BNP - Analyst
James Grzinic - Jefferies - Analyst
3
Introduction: James O'Shaughnessy
Buenos días a todos, good morning to everybody. We'd like to
thank you all for attending Inditex’s full year 2024 results
presentation. My name is James O'Shaughnessy, Investor
Relations.
This presentation will be hosted by our CEO Oscar García
Maceiras as well as our CFO Ignacio Fernández. I'd like to
welcome our new Director of Investor Relations Gorka Garcia-
Tapia, who many of you will get to meet over the next few weeks.
As per usual, this presentation will be followed by a question and
answer session which will commence with telephone questions,
and will then be followed by any questions from the webcast
platform. Let's take this disclaimer on your screens right now as
read.
And now, over to you Oscar.
Slide 3: CEO
[Image]
Slide 4: Building on profitable growth
[Image]
Slide 5: 2024: Strong growth and execution continues
Good morning and welcome to our full year twenty twenty-four
(2024) results presentation. I'm happy to see so many people
joining us today.
In twenty twenty-four (2024) Inditex saw a very solid performance.
This performance was driven very much by the creativity of our
4
teams and the strong execution of our fully integrated business
model.
The sales growth of seven point five per cent (7.5%) has been
excellent and is a clear demonstration that the demand for our
collections has been consistently strong across the whole year.
This sales performance has, in turn, allowed us to reach new
highs in terms of EBITDA and net income.
It is of course the consistently strong execution of the unique
business model that you have all come to know that has driven the
gross margin performance and has led us to also control costs so
well.
At the bottom line, net income increased nine percent (9.0%) to
five point nine (5.9) billion euros.
The sound operating performance over the period has served to
further reinforce the solid financial position we find ourselves in, as
illustrated by the significant levels of free cash flow generated.
As a result of this, I am happy to say that we intend to propose a
dividend increase of nine percent (9%) for financial year twenty
twenty-four (2024) to one point six eight (1.68) euros per share.
Spring/Summer collections have been well received by our
customers.
Store and online sales in constant currency between the first (1st) of
February and the tenth (10th) of March adjusting for the extra trading
day in February due to the leap year grew four percent (4%) over the
same period in the previous year. In the last commercial week, store
and online sales in constant currency increased seven percent (7%).
5
Slide 6: 2025-26 Strong commitment to profitable growth
We can all agree that it is our fully integrated store and online
model that has been the main driver of the strong performance we
have seen recently.
This performance relies on the four key pillars that we have
highlighted to you in past occasions: Our product offering, a
unique customer experience, our focus on sustainability, and the
talent and commitment of our people. These are the principal
factors driving our ability to differentiate ourselves so consistently.
We have operations across two hundred and fourteen (214)
markets and we enjoy a low market share within what continues to
be a highly fragmented sector. This is what underpins the
excellent growth opportunities we have before us.
We have a strong commitment to profitable growth. Since the end
of fiscal year twenty twenty-two (2022), Inditex has experienced a
significant increase in sales and productivity. Sales have grown
nineteen percent (19%) on a reported basis in the period, with four
percent (4%) less stores.
We maintain the previous guidance for gross space growth that
we mentioned last year of five percent (5%) for the period twenty
twenty-four (2024) to twenty twenty-six (2026). The logistics
expansion plan twenty twenty-four (2024) to twenty twenty-five
(2025) we have already set out is on track. We continue to focus
the ordinary capital expenditure on our global store base, the
online platform, and the roll out of technology programs aimed at
enhancing the level of integration. Ordinary capital expenditure in
6
twenty twenty-five (2025) is estimated in one point eight billion
euros (€1.8bn).
I'm going to take the opportunity to pass you to Ignacio in order to
cover some of the financials.
Slide 7: CFO
Slide 8: Financial Summary
Thank you, Oscar.
Slide 9: 2024: Very strong execution
As you can see from the release earlier this morning, Inditex has
performed very well over 2024.
Oscar has commented that sales, EBITDA and net income all
reached record highs.
The sales performance has been strong at plus 7.5%. The supply
chain has been actively managed, which in turn produced a very
healthy gross margin. Operating expenses have of course been
well managed and this has resulted in a satisfactory level of
operating leverage.
Consequently, EBITDA grew 8.9% to 10.7 billion euros.
This has flowed through to the bottom line, with net income
increasing 9.0% to 5.9 billion euros.
The Group continues to generate significant free cash flow and
this has taken our net cash position to 11.5 billion euros.
Slide 10: Sales
7
Let me reiterate that sales have progressed very well at plus
7.5%, reaching 38.6 billion euros. That translates into plus 10.5%
in constant currency.
This strong growth was very broad based and was driven by both
store sales and online sales, and all the concepts.
Looking forward now, at current exchange rates, we expect a
minus 1% top line FX impact in 2025.
Slide 11: Global Store & Online sales breakdown in 2024
As already mentioned, sales were positive in all concepts. We do
of course enjoy a global presence, and it is our aim to continue
building upon this.
Slide 12: Gross profit
In 2024, gross profit increased 7.6% to 22.3 billion euros, with a
gross margin of 57.8%. The achieved gross margin illustrates well
the level at which the business model has performed over the
period.
For this upcoming year, 2025, a stable gross margin at plus or
minus 50 basis points would be a reasonable expectation.
Slide 13: Operating efficiencies
Respecting the operating performance of the Group over the
period as a whole, operating expenses have been well controlled
across all business areas.
Operating expenses have grown below the rate of sales growth
over 2024. If you include all lease charges in the calculation,
8
operating expenses grew 126 basis points below sales growth,
demonstrating good operating leverage.
Slide 14: Working capital and net cash position
From what we have been talking about already, you will see that
we are quite happy with the operating performance of the
business over 2024. The inventory position for the Group as at the
end of the period, was up 12% compared to the closing position
the year before. Current inventory balance was up 6% versus the
same date in 2024.
It's important to point out that this closing inventory is of high
quality.
The strong cash flow generation in the year has resulted in a
growth of the net cash position of 1% to 11.5 billion euros.
Slide 15: Funds from operations
As you can see, funds from operations, after fixed lease cash
payments, reached an all-time high of 7.7 billion euros.
Now before I pass you over, let me take this opportunity again to say
welcome to Gorka Garcia-Tapia. Gorka, please...
Slide 16: Director of Investor Relations
Slide 17: Concepts
Thank you Ignacio, I'm very happy to be here today.
Slide 18: Concepts
9
Building on Ignacio’s comments, I want to emphasise that 2024
was a truly outstanding year for our business. We achieved strong
performance across all concepts, which was driven by strategic
execution and consistent focus on customer experience.
Over the year we expanded our global footprint, opening new
stores in 47 markets. And we did this, while also driving significant
growth in both store sales and online channels. All of the concepts
continued to deliver strong results, and our younger concepts
continued to exceed expectations, contributing meaningfully to the
overall performance.
This momentum reflects the strength of our diversified portfolio
and our team’s ability to execute with precision. Looking ahead,
we are confident in our ability to capitalise on new opportunities
and to deliver sustainable growth.
Slide 19: Concepts
On the screen right now you can see a very healthy set of metrics.
This table is a good representation of the Group's diversification
by both product and customer base.
Let me just highlight a couple of these key metrics.
Our Group's PBT margin has increased 50 basis points to
19.6%...
…and as you can see, Return on Capital employed has increased
101 basis points to 40%.
...and with all these achievements in mind, I’ll now hand it over to
Oscar.
10
Slide 20: CEO
Thanks Gorka.
Slide 21: Outlook
[Slide]
Slide 22: Building on profitable growth
We continue to see strong growth opportunities.
We have a unique capacity to react to fashion trends and this
reinforces our unique market position, providing us with great
potential for the future.
Our diversification of origins, channels, formats and markets
remains a key driver of our model.
In order to extend our differentiation further we are developing a
number of important initiatives for the coming years.
Slide 23: Unique Fashion proposition
Slide 24: Video
Our fashion proposition shows our strong commitment to creativity
thanks to our talented team that is focused every day in innovation
and the adaptation to what our customers are looking for.
Our physical store and online platforms are continuously executing
new initiatives to enhance the experience of our customers.
Openings, additional functionalities and new technology are at the
core of our strategy.
11
Slide 25: Zara stores (Nanjing, Eindhoven, Osaka, Zurich, BSK
Mumbai, P&B London)
Amongst the stores that will open we have Zara stores in Nanjing,
Eindhoven Rechtestraat, Osaka Umekita, and Zurich
Bahnhofstrasse. The recent opening of our first Bershka store in
India, in Mumbai Palladium, has received great feedback from
customers. There will also be a new Pull & Bear store in Oxford
Street, London.
Slide 26: New soft tag technology is now fully operational in Zara
In 2024, we completed the rollout of the new soft-tag technology at
Zara. The rollout continues with the other concepts, starting in
Bershka and Pull & Bear this year. This new technology is a
significant improvement in customer experience, facilitating
interaction with our products and improving the purchasing
process.
Slide 27: Sustainability
By the end of twenty twenty-four (2024), seventy three percent
(73%) of the textile fibres used in manufacturing our garments
were lower-impact fibres. Our goal is to reach one hundred
percent (100%) use of lower-impact textile fibres by twenty thirty
(2030).
With a view to that objective, we are investing in innovation, with a
particular focus on textile-to-textile recycled fibres. Through our
Sustainability Innovation Hub we are working with three hundred
(300) startups to incorporate new materials, improving production
processes and making progress in aspects of traceability,
packaging, use and end of life. Furthermore, it has delivered the
12
application of fibres through more than thirty (30) pilot
programmes and the seed funding of start-ups such as the ones
we executed in twenty twenty-four (2024), Infinited Fiber, Galy and
Epoch.
The progress made in fibres and the initial results of our Supply
Chain Environmental Transformation Plan have allowed us to
reduce our Scope one, two and three (1, 2 and 3) SBT Green
House Gas emissions target by a further five percent (5%)
compared to twenty eighteen (2018). Our own emissions have
been reduced by up to eighty eight percent (88%) in the same
period.
Slide 28: Inditex People
We will continue to promote the talent and commitment of our
teams in order to reinforce our attractiveness as a benchmark
employer.
At Inditex, we believe that the training and growth of our people
form the basis of our transformation and provides a driving force
for innovation. During twenty twenty-four (2024), around three
point three (3.3) million hours of training have been provided to
our teams.
We aim to open opportunities for all people. There are now
currently more than three thousand one hundred (3,100) people
with some type of disability employed in Inditex stores, logistics
facilities, factories and head office teams around the world. This is
more than twice the number of people who worked in the Group
three years ago, in line with our public commitment.
13
Slide 29: Outlook: Strong commitment to profitable growth
We now operate in two hundred and fourteen (214) markets. Most
of those markets in which we operate continue to be very
fragmented in nature, and in conjunction with the low market share
we have in these markets, this provides a great platform for strong
growth for the future.
To meet the current strong demand for our collections across the
globe, a demand which, if you remember, builds upon the
meaningful levels of growth we've seen since twenty twenty-two
(2022), we are undertaking several initiatives.
Firstly, optimisation of stores is ongoing.
The growth of annual gross space in twenty twenty-five to twenty
twenty-six (2025-2026) is expected to be around five percent
(5%). We also expect net space contribution to sales to be positive
in the period twenty twenty-five to twenty twenty-six (2025-2026),
with of course, an additional good level of online sales growth.
Slide 30: Capex
We are planning investments that will scale our capabilities, obtain
efficiencies and increase our competitive differentiation to the next
level.
For twenty twenty-five (2025), we estimate ordinary capital
expenditure of around one point eight billion euros (€1.8 billion).
This investment will be mainly directed at optimisation of our
commercial space, the integration of several technological
initiatives, and the improvement of our online platforms.
14
Slide 31: Logistics expansion plan on track (VIDEO)
The extraordinary logistics expansion plan for twenty twenty-four
(2024) and twenty twenty-five (2025) is on track.
This two-year extraordinary investment programme focused on the
expansion of the business allocates nine hundred (900) million
euros per year to increase logistics capacities in each of the
twenty twenty-four and twenty twenty-five (2024 and 2025)
financial years.
For Zara, our new two hundred and eighty-six thousand (286,000)
square metres distribution centre, Zaragoza Two (II), will be up
and running in summer of this year.
The objective of this logistics expansion plan is to strengthen
Inditex's capacity to capture the ample global growth opportunities
in the medium and long term. These investments will have the
highest standards of sustainability and use the most up-to-date
technology.
Slide 32: Start to 2025
I'm going to finish with a couple of comments on our current
performance.
Spring/Summer collections have been well received by our customers.
Store and online sales in constant currency between the first (1st) of
February and the tenth (10th) of March adjusting for the extra trading
day in February due to the leap year grew four percent (4%) over the
same period in the previous year. In the last commercial week, store
and online sales in constant currency increased seven percent (7%).
15
Slide 33: 9% dividend increase
We have an attractive and predictable dividend policy which consists
of a sixty percent (60%) ordinary payout and bonus dividends.
For financial year twenty twenty-four (2024), the Board of Directors will
propose at the Annual General Meeting a dividend increase of nine
percent (9%) to one point six eight euros (€1.68) per share, composed
of an ordinary dividend of one point one three euros (€1.13) and a
bonus dividend of zero point five five euros (€0.55) per share.
The dividend will be made up of two equal payments: On the second
of May twenty twenty-five (05/02/25) a payment of zero point eight
four euros (€0.84) per share, ordinary, and the remainder, zero point
eight four euros (€0.84) per share on the third of November twenty
twenty-five (11/03/25).
Slide 34: 2024 Results
Thank you all for attending today. That concludes our
presentation. We will be happy to answer any questions you may
have.
16
Q&A: James O’Shaughnessy – Investor Relations
The telephone Q&A session starts now. If you would like to
ask a question, please press *5 on your telephone keypad. If you
wish to withdraw your question, please press *5 again.
We request that you limit yourselves to only one question per
turn so we can maximise the number of participants in the
session. If you have further queries, you may press *5 again after
the next person’s question has been addressed. Please ensure
your phone is not on mute.
The first question goes to from Richard Chamberlain, from
RBC. Go ahead, Richard.
Richard Chamberlain – RBC – Analyst
Yes, thanks, James. Morning, guys. I’ve just got one
question, please, on the Americas region. It looks like it’s seen a
little bit of an underlying slowdown excluding effects in the most
recent period. I wonder if you could just comment on the outlook
there for the Americas, and what you are expecting, also in terms
of space plans and store expansion in the Americas region. Thank
you.
Gorka García-Tapia – Director of Investor Relations
Hi, Richard. Thank you for your question. Firstly, I would like
to just highlight, you know, we break out the sales by four regions
and all regions at constant currency have had positive growth.
17
With regards to the Americas, of course, you have to consider that
there is a lot of different markets that make up this group and
some of them, for example, Brazil or Mexico, have had more
significant effects headwind, which has been compensated to
another extent, for example, from the dollar sales. So, with
regards to the growth in the region, I think we are seeing some
numbers that are very interesting, but impacted by FX and
perhaps could take an opportunity to highlight a little bit some of
the projects that we’re going to be doing in the US. And that gives
you a little bit of color as to what our expectations are going
forward.
You know that the US is a strategic market for us. We have
been very active during 2024, not only on openings, for example,
Massimo Dutti in Aventura Mall in Miami; or Zara in Frisco, in
Dallas. But also, we’ve done a series of enlargements and
relocations, for example, Skokie, in Chicago; Greenwich in
Connecticut and also, in LA we also had the Topanga
enlargement and relocation. So, we also are doing a series of
different projects that we have mentioned in the past years; those
30 projects that we have discussed. All those are on track. Just to
give you a little bit of an update on that. Eleven projects have
already been executed in 2024.We have eight projects planned for
2025.In particular, I would like to highlight in LA the growth, for
example, of Brea Mall as well. And we have another 13 projects
planned further out in 2026.We are seeing a lot of growth in the
region in general. Thank you.
James O’Shaughnessy – Investor Relations
Next question comes from Geoff Lowery, from Redburn Go
ahead, Geoff.
18
Geoff Lowery – Redburn - Analyst
Good morning. It’s a similar question, really. Could you help
us understand the constant currency growth rates of Zara, in
particular? And how much of the 5% gross space you expect this
year is going to benefit Zara opposed to the non-Zara formats?
Thank you.
Gorka García-Tapia – Director of Investor Relations
Thank you. I think what we can tell you is, during the
presentation, for example, we mentioned that we are confident
with our 5% growth space for 2025.And you should also see this
coming in through for 2026.Ultimately, you think about the store
optimization program we have, which has really been driving a lot
of productivity. To give you an example, between 2019 and 2024,
sales per square meter -excluding online sales- were 28% higher.
The store absorption programs are also leading to working capital
benefits in terms of more efficient use of inventory.
In 2024, for example, we opened 257 new stores. We
refurbished and enlarged 254 stores and absorbed 386 stores,
which is in line with the store-optimization that we have done. At
constant currencies, we can tell you we have seen growth in all of
the regions and concepts and that we’re quite comfortable going
forward. Thank you.
James O’Shaughnessy – Investor Relations
19
The next question comes from Georgina Johanan, from JP
Morgan. Go ahead, Georgina.
Georgina Johanan – JP Morgan - Analyst
Hi, good morning everyone. Thank you. Obviously, that
recent trading number is a little bit of a set down versus what you
have been doing through 2024 and, of course, I appreciate you
are in a more difficult comparative .Perhaps you can give some
color in terms of what you are seeing by region. Has there been
any change in the consumer? And also, you called out that
cadence in the exit rate of +7%, is that to do with when particular
products are landing? And what do you think is driving that? Any
color would be really helpful, please. Thank you.
Óscar García Maceiras – CEO
Thank you, Georgina. This period represents a small part of
the year at the beginning of the season as you mentioned with
high comparables in the last two years. As was mentioned during
the presentation, growth accelerated +7% in the last commercial
week. The Spring-Summer collections are being well-received by
customers, and what I can share with you is that we are confident
in our execution for the year ahead, and we are fully focused on
increasing the level of differentiation of the business model.
Having such a robust business model, as you know well, that has
20
a global presence in a highly-fragmented sector and has been
capable of reacting to fashion trends allows us to keep having very
satisfactory figures.
James O’Shaughnessy – Investor Relations
The next question comes from Sreedhar Mahamkali, from
UBS. Go ahead, Sreedhar.
Sreedhar Mahamkali – UBS - Analyst
Hi, good morning and thank you for taking my questions.
Just in terms of the gross guidance you have helped us with
5% guidance.
How should we think about what you refer to as in terms of
medium-term and long-term growth aspirations, particularly, once
the new logistics capacity becomes available? Is the 5% growth
rate we should be anticipating into the medium-term or would you
expect a potential step up in that growth space cadence?
Gorka García-Tapia – Director of Investor Relations
Thank you. So I think we set it out quite clearly during the
presentation that our expectations for 2025 and 2026 are at 5%
gross space growth. That is the guidance that we can give you, for
now. Consider that in the last two years with 5% gross growth
21
space, we have actually achieved around 2% net space growth. I
hope that is helpful. Thank you.
James O’Shaughnessy – Investor Relations
The next question comes from William Woods, from
Berstein. Go ahead, William.
William Woods – Bernstein - Analyst
Good morning, thank you for taking my question. When you
look at other concepts -Stradivarius, Bershka, and Massimo Dutti-
you have seen a lot of good strengths in the margins there. What
has driven the margins’ strength and think the soft roll out of soft
tag in other concepts will help this further? Thanks.
Óscar García Maceiras – CEO
Well, thank you. We are very happy with the performance of
our different concepts, including, of course, Zara. By the way, this
2025 we will celebrate the 50th anniversary since the opening of
our first Zara Store here, in A Coruña. The rest of the formats are
performing very well, further diversifying our customer base and
product offering. That is critical for our model. Relying on pillars of
our business model, we see many, many opportunities for future
growth. With that in mind, we are expanding the physical footprint
of the formats to new markets. As an example of this, Bershka has
just opened its first store in India, Mumbai Palladium, Gorka
referred to the opening of the first Massimo Dutti store in Aventura
22
Mall, in Miami, in the US, in 2024. And Bershka will enter this year
in Sweden. The Netherlands and Germany, for instance, will be
new markets for Oysho. Or Austria for Stradivarius.
James O’Shaughnessy – Investor Relations
The next question comes from Warwick Okines, from BNP.
Go ahead, Warwick.
Warwick Okines – BNP Paribas Exane – Analyst
Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Question on the Americas
again. Is the US still your largest market outside of Spain by
revenues? What actions are you taking related to changing tariff
regimes?
Óscar García Maceiras – CEO
Well, the current environment is difficult to predict in terms of
tariffs. Of course, we are continuously monitoring the situation.
However, we consider that we are in a very good position due to
our levels of geographical diversification in terms of sourcing and
sales.
As we operate in many markets, we have experience dealing
with different tariff regimes.
23
We have also a flexible business model with a competitive
advantage due to our proximity sourcing that allows us to adapt.
Therefore, we have confirmed our guidance of 2025 of stable
gross margin plus-or-minus 50 basis points.
James O’Shaughnessy – Investor Relations
The next question comes from James Grzinic, from Jefferies.
Go ahead, James.
James Grzinic – Jefferies – Analyst
Yes, good morning. Thank you, James. Just a quick one,
really. Do you think that seeing revenue growth exceeding OpEx
growth is a feasible ambition or working assumption for the
coming year as we saw last year?
Gorka García-Tapia – Director of Investor Relations
Great. Thank you, James, for your question. First, I would
like to start by saying it all starts with the strong execution of our
business model. If we get that right, that will flow down through the
different lines of the P&L.
Having said that, I would also like to highlight that we have a
very strong focus, as you know, with regards to operating
expenses growing below sales growth. In essence, it’s in our own
DNA.
24
Maybe I can give you a little colour with regards to the OpEx
and what we’re seeing. So, with regards to personnel expenses,
for example, as you know and I think we have mentioned it in the
past, we have a variable component, which is subject to
performance, which can provide us a lot of flexibility in the future.
We are also seeing a lot of efficiencies and benefits that are
coming through different technologies we are implementing. If you
think about, for example, self-checkouts, or the soft tags, RFID in
the larger stores. And all of that has really driven a lot of
efficiencies allowing us to reinvest a lot of the time we are
obtaining into improving the customer experience.
All this of course, in turn, is driving even further productivity
in terms of sales at the stores.
Finally, I would like to highlight the fact that over the last few
years we have been getting some operating leverage with regards
to lease costs. I think you have seen that. This has to do with
different reasons.
One of them is the fact that, for example, in 2024, 30% of the
lease contracts were renegotiated. On average, for example, we
have a break-period of leases, anywhere between 2.5 and 3
years, with contractual obligations around 15 years.
All of that -we think- gives us a lot of opportunities to have a
strong control of the expenses. Thank you.
James O’Shaughnessy – Investor Relations
25
We are going to move over to the questions on the webcast
platform now.
The first of which relates to soft tag technology.
“Given Zara has now fully implemented the new technology,
can you comment on some of the learnings and benefits you have
experienced, please?”
Óscar García Maceiras – CEO
Thanks for the question. As we mentioned during our
presentation, in 2024, we completed the rollout of the new soft tag
technology in Zara. We have already rolled out the hardware fully
in Bershka and Pull & Bear stores globally and are now starting to
introduce soft tags in those concepts. This initiative is part of our
continuous focus on improving our customer experience and
innovating with new technology.
It is important to highlight that this is not a standalone project
and needs a relevant improvement for the integration of store and
online operations, enhancing use of automated collection points,
self-checkout terminals, and drop-off points for returns, for
instance.
The productivity benefits for all these technologies, as Gorka
has just mentioned, are reinvested to improve our customers’
experience and feedback, so far, continues to be very positive.
James O’Shaughnessy – Investor Relations
26
Next question relates to the younger concepts.
“Perhaps you can give color on the performance of the
concepts, aside from Zara.”
Óscar García Maceiras – CEO
Well, thank you. I guess that we have just covered this
question. We remain very happy with the performance of the
different concepts, of the different formats.
For us, it is crucial to keep on diversifying the customer base
and the product offering. And what we see is many, many
opportunities to keep on growing in the future. The performance of
our different concepts, including, of course, Zara.
James O’Shaughnessy – Investor Relations
The next question relates to the market of Spain.
“How can we explain the continued outperformance of the
Spain market where Zara already has a high market share?”
Óscar García Maceiras – CEO
We are very happy with our performance in Spain. I guess
that’s a clear example of how even in our more mature markets,
the group continues to find growth opportunities.
27
Our sales in 2024 grew almost 10%, building on 2023 growth
in Spain of 13%.Just a reminder, from 2019 to 2024 in Spain, we
reached 31% higher sales with 31% fewer stores.
Our store optimisation program remains on track and we
keep on implementing new ways to improve the experience of our
customers.
Let me make some slight reference to one example. It is our
newest standalone Zara Man store in Hermosilla, Madrid, that
includes our first Zacaffè. Existing space in the Zara store of
Serrano will host, after the summer, a new The Apartment, a
collaboration between Zara Woman and Zara Home.
We continue to find opportunities for profitable growth in
Spain for all of our concepts.
James O’Shaughnessy – Investor Relations
Thank you, Óscar. That concludes the webcast questions for
today.
Óscar García Maceiras – CEO
Well, thank you to all those taking part in today's
presentation. For any additional questions you may have, please
get in touch with our Investor Relations Department. We look
forward to speaking with you again in June. Thank you again!
