https://wwd.com/sourcing-journal/logistics/zara-inditex-delivery-fast-fashion-out-of-stocks-inventory-madrid-spain-stores-distribution-1238825139/
Skip to main content
Sourcing Journal
site categories
DENIM
INDUSTRY NEWS
SUSTAINABILITY
LOGISTICS
TRADE
WEBINARS
REPORTS
FALL SUMMIT
LIFESTYLE MONITOR
WWD
Click to expand the Mega Menu
Click to Expand Search Input
HOME
SOURCING JOURNAL
LOGISTICS
Inditex Ramps Up Zara Store Deliveries to Cut Out-of-Stocks
BY
NOVEMBER 7, 2023 8:31AM
Share this article on Facebook
Share this article on X
Share this article on Pin It
Zara is reportedly increasing its delivery cadence to select stores in Madrid, from the usual two per week up to four per week. INDITEX

Zara’s parent wants fast fashion to get even faster.

Inditex is upping the frequency of truck deliveries to some Zara stores in its native Spain as part of a trial to keep store assortments fresh.

Zara has increased truck deliveries to multiple stores in Madrid to a cadence of four times per week, up from the usual two per week, according to an October report from Bloomberg. The fast-fashion giant carried out the first test in the spring, the report said. Zara has 13 stores in Madrid, including its biggest flagship anywhere.

More frequent deliveries could help Zara reduce lost sales due to unavailable stock because the inventory is replenished for consumers whether they shop in stores or online.

Sourcing Journal reached out to Zara for comment.

Stockouts remain a concern amid heightened customer expectations and the potential for supply chain bottlenecks, with Bed Bath & Beyond blaming this problem for hundreds of millions in lost sales, which eventually led to the home goods retailer filing for bankruptcy.

In the U.S., 78 percent of shoppers said they had experienced out-of-stocks in brick-and-mortar stores during the past 12 months, while 73 percent reported the same issue online, according to an October survey from retail store execution platform Retail Insight.

Fifty percent of shoppers reported items being listed as “in stock” online, but weren’t available when they arrived in-store. Another 37 percent had experienced store associates not being able to find an item, even though they believed it was available in the store. This can impact a bottom line, with 24 percent saying these shelf gaps would make them abandon their purchase and leave the store without buying other items.

Inditex uses prior sales data, current stock availability and daily orders from store managers to optimize stock allocation according to the needs of each of its 5,745 stores, which include 2,259 locations under the Zara and Zara Home concepts.

Last year the Renewcell partner developed a new model that calculates the optimal number of units for every initial shipment of a new product, according to the company’s latest annual report.

Inditex operates a non-traditional logistics ecosystem compared to many retail rivals. Iit doesn’t rely on distribution centers in different parts of the world to ship items to nearby markets.

Instead, most of Inditex’s products are centralized in Spain for distribution and then sent in small bundles to stores worldwide twice a week, allowing the retailer to replace stocks faster. The company has 12 logistics centers in total.

The company, which also owns fashion brands including Massimo Dutti and Pull&Bear, further delivers supply chain visibility by deploying RFID and developing technologies such as its proprietary Integrated Stock Management System and Inditex Open Platform. The first system is designed so staff can quickly locate any article of clothing, regardless of where it is located, and make it available to customers, while the second enables the fast-fashion giant to integrate more APIs into its business for different departmental needs.

Inditex revealed in a March earnings call when discussing full-year 2022 earnings that it was increasing logistics capacity across four of its distribution centers in Spain: Zara’s warehouses in Arteixo and Zaragoza; Bershka’s facility in Tordera; and one site for Stradivarius in Sallent. Inditex is also expanding capacity at Zara’s distribution center in Lelystad, the Netherlands.

Six months later, Inditex’s capital markets director, Marcos López, reiterated in a September earnings call that the warehouse plans are “very much in line” with prior expectations for the year so far.

“The projects we referred to in Zaragoza, in Lelystad, in [Sallent], are very much on target,” López said.

As Inditex works to minimize stockouts, the company also cut inventory 6.9 percent year-over-year to $3.7 billion at the halfway point of 2023, down from $3.9 billion in the year prior.

While having fewer product seems counterintuitive on the surface to filling stock, Inditex anticipates increased in-store sales productivity this year, even as gross store space is expected to increase 3 percent by the end of December. Constant-currency sales from Aug. 1-Sept. 11 were up 14 percent from the year prior.

“A 7 percent [decrease in] inventory position is just a fact of the comparable in the previous year,” said López in the call, referring to the excess inventories that plagued 2022. “Remember that last year, we had to accelerate inventory in-flows due to some logistics constraints. This year is very normal, and if you read it over two years, you see that the position is extremely natural against a trading update of 14 percent, so things are very healthy.”

READ MORE ABOUT
DELIVERY
FAST FASHION
INDITEX
TRUCKING
ZARA
SJ NEWSLETTERS

Receive Our Daily Newsletter & Special Offers

SIGN UP
SIGN UP FOR SJ NEWSLETTERS

Receive Our Daily Newsletter & Special Offers

Email Address
SIGN UP
SIGN UP
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. // This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
RELATED
LOGISTICS
STB Keeps UP-NS Merger Alive, but Board Member Flags ‘Lack of Transparency’

September 24, 2026

The regulator rejected motions to dismiss the $85 billion merger application, but new board member Richard Kloster said the railroads still have “a long way to go” to prove the deal serves the public interest.

READ ARTICLE
LOGISTICS
Container Schedule Reliability Is Cracking as Q4 Approaches

September 23, 2026

A third straight monthly decline in schedule reliability comes as China works through typhoon-related backlogs and carriers prepare for a volatile post-Golden Week period.

READ ARTICLE
LOGISTICS
Trump Turns Up Pressure on Iran as Hormuz Shipping Remains in Limbo

September 22, 2026

The president threatened to “annihilate” the Islamic republic from the UN podium hours before his envoys met with Tehran’s delegation to discuss a possible path toward ending the war.

READ ARTICLE
PMC Logo
MOST POPULAR
‘Day Drinker’ Trailer: Johnny Depp's Hollywood Comeback Continues in a Twisty Thriller With Penélope Cruz and Madelyn Cline
The Major Social Media Platforms Are All Rejecting Paid Ads for Alex Gibney's 'Musk' (Exclusive)
Sean Combs' Ex-Staffers Find New Home Working With Usher
ESPN Enters Ring in WWE Streaming Lawsuit
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Paris Hilton Brings the Fun to the MTV VMAs 2026 Red Carpet in Crystal-embellished Gladiator Boots
7 HRS AGO
Fashion Loves Food 2025
12 MONTHS AGO
Cooling Bangladesh’s Garment Factories Is Cheaper Than It Looks
5 DAYS AGO
Kalshi Split Widens With 6th Circuit Ruling on Sports Event Contracts
2 DAYS AGO
“From Monet and Manet to Money”: A Berlin Museum Spotlights the Dealer Who Made Impressionism an International Sensation
22 HRS AGO
Subscribe
CUSTOMER SERVICE
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Sourcing Journal
About Us
Our Staff
Contact Us
Advertise With Us
Accessibility
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
AdChoices
California Privacy Rights
Follow Us
Facebook
FACEBOOK
Instagram
INSTAGRAM
LinkedIn
LINKEDIN
X
X
Stay in the Know
Enter your Email
SUBSCRIBE
Subscribe
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. // This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Have a Tip?
SEND US A TIP
SIGN UP

WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of PMX Global, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Media Corporation. © 2026 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved.

Powered by WordPress.com VIP
OUR SITES
ad
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 297 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting I Accept enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject All or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Store and/or access information on a device. Measure content performance. Develop and improve services. Create profiles to personalise content. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Show Purposes
Reject All I Accept